README.md, before:

# TinyMCE 6.x ChatGPT Plugin

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/the-3labs-team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/raw/HEAD/art/logo-tinyopen.svg" alt="Logo TinyMCE ChatGPT Plugin"></p>

[![Lint](https://github.com/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/the-3labs-team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin)
![jsDelivr hits (GitHub)](https://img.shields.io/jsdelivr/gh/hy/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin?label=downloads)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/1737eafb663973324bc8/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/maintainability)

This plugin integrates ChatGPT within TinyMCE, allowing you to generate realistic and creative text with the push of a button.

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/the-3labs-team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/raw/HEAD/art/demo.gif" alt="TinyMCE Demo Gif"></p>

To use the plugin, simply install and activate it in TinyMCE. Once activated, you will see a new "ChatGPT" button in the TinyMCE toolbar. Click this button to open a dialog box where you can enter a request to ChatGPT. ChatGPT will then generate the requested text and enter it into your editor.

ChatGPT can be used to generate a variety of text formats, including articles, blog posts, e-mails, letters, and more. It can also be used to translate languages, write different types of creative content, and answer your questions in an informative way.

ChatGPT is a powerful tool that can help you improve your productivity and the quality of your work. Try it out today!

## Features

Support custom prompts defined by you!
Generates realistic and creative text with the push of a button
Can be used to generate a variety of text formats
Can be used to translate languages
Can be used to write different types of creative content
Can be used to answer your questions in an informative way
Anything what ChatGPT can handle

| :warning: WARNING                                                                                                                                         |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Consider this plugin as a prototype and not suitable for production deployment at this time. Use it only in controlled environments and at your own risk. |

## Requirements

- TinyMCE 6.0 or later
- ChatGPT API key ([get one](https://openai.com))

## Installation

This plugin comes as an _external plugin_; however, you can download the _.js file_ and upload it to your host.

To install, simply **edit the init configuration** of your TinyMCE as follows:

```js
tinymce.init({
  // 1. Add the plugin to the list of external plugins
  external_plugins: {
    chatgpt:
      "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin@1/dist/chatgpt.min.js",
  },

  // 2. Configure the ChatGPT plugin
  chatgpt: {
    apiKey: "sk-yourapikeyhere", // Your OpenAI API key
    model: "text-davinci-003",
    temperature: 0.5,
    maxTokens: 150,
    prompts: [
      "Translate from English to Italian",
      "Summarize",
      "Proofread",
      "Write a blog post about",
    ],
  },

  // 3. Add the ChatGPT button to the toolbar
  toolbar: ["chatgpt"],
});
```

If you are using our [TinyMCE Laravel Nova Package 4](https://github.com/murdercode/Nova4-TinymceEditor) you can configure as follows:

```php
<?php

'init' => [

    // 1. Add the plugin to the list of external plugins
    'external_plugins' => [
        'chatgpt' => 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin@1/dist/chatgpt.min.js'
    ],

    // 2. Configure the plugin
    'openai' => [
        'api_key' => 'sk-yourapikeyhere', // Your OpenAI API key
        'model' => 'text-davinci-003',
        'temperature' => 0.5,
        'max_tokens' => 150,
        'prompts' => [
            'Translate from English to Italian',
            'Summarize',
            'Proofread',
            'Write a blog post about',
        ]
    ],

],

// 3. Add the plugin to the toolbar
'toolbar' => ['chatgpt']

//...
```

Commit message:

Updated README with OpenAI and Custom LLM integration, enhanced features, and plugin configurations.

README.md, after:

# TinyMCE ChatGPT Plugin

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/the-3labs-team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/raw/HEAD/art/logo-tinyopen.svg" alt="Logo TinyMCE ChatGPT Plugin"></p>

[![Lint](https://github.com/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/the-3labs-team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin)
![jsDelivr hits (GitHub)](https://img.shields.io/jsdelivr/gh/hy/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin?label=downloads)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/1737eafb663973324bc8/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/maintainability)

This plugin integrates ChatGPT (or your OpenAI compatible LLM) within TinyMCE, allowing you to generate realistic and creative text with the push of a button.

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/the-3labs-team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin/raw/HEAD/art/demo.gif" alt="TinyMCE Demo Gif"></p>

To use the plugin, simply install and activate it in TinyMCE. Once activated, you will see a new "ChatGPT" button in the TinyMCE toolbar. Click this button to open a dialog box where you can enter a request to ChatGPT. ChatGPT will then generate the requested text and enter it into your editor.

ChatGPT can be used to generate a variety of text formats, including articles, blog posts, e-mails, letters, and more. It can also be used to translate languages, write different types of creative content, and answer your questions in an informative way.

ChatGPT is a powerful tool that can help you improve your productivity and the quality of your work. Try it out today!

## Features

- 🤖 OpenAI and Custom LLM OpenAI compatible
- ⚙️ Support custom prompts defined by you!
- 🧑‍🎨 Generates realistic and creative text with the push of a button
- 🧬 Can be used to generate a variety of text formats
- 🈷️ Can be used to translate languages
- 🙋 Can be used to answer your questions in an informative way

| :warning: WARNING                                                                                                                                         |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Consider this plugin as a prototype and not suitable for production deployment at this time. Use it only in controlled environments and at your own risk. |

## Requirements

- TinyMCE 6.0 or 7.8 or later
- ChatGPT API key ([get one](https://openai.com))

## Installation

This plugin comes as an _external plugin_; however, you can download the _.js file_ and upload it to your host.

To install, simply **edit the init configuration** of your TinyMCE as follows:

```js
tinymce.init({
  // 1. Add the plugin to the list of external plugins
  external_plugins: {
    chatgpt:
      "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin@2/dist/chatgpt.min.js",
  },

  // 2. Configure the ChatGPT plugin
  openai: {
    apiKey: "sk-yourapikeyhere", // Your OpenAI API key
    model: "gpt-3.5-turbo",
    temperature: 0.5,
    maxTokens: 150,
    prompts: [
      "Translate from English to Italian",
      "Summarize",
      "Proofread",
      "Write a blog post about",
    ],
    // Optional: Add your custom LLM
    // baseUri: "https://your-llm-endpoint.com",
  },

  // 3. Add the ChatGPT button to the toolbar
  toolbar: ["chatgpt"],
});
```

If you are using our [TinyMCE Laravel Nova Package 4](https://github.com/murdercode/Nova4-TinymceEditor) you can configure as follows:

```php
<?php

'init' => [

    // 1. Add the plugin to the list of external plugins
    'external_plugins' => [
        'chatgpt' => 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/The-3Labs-Team/tinymce-chatgpt-plugin@2/dist/chatgpt.min.js'
    ],

    // 2. Configure the plugin
    'openai' => [
        'api_key' => 'sk-yourapikeyhere', // Your OpenAI API key
        'model' => 'gpt-3.5-turbo',
        'temperature' => 0.5,
        'max_tokens' => 150,
        'prompts' => [
            'Translate from English to Italian',
            'Summarize',
            'Proofread',
            'Write a blog post about',
        ],
        // Optional: Add your custom LLM
        // 'base_uri' => 'https://your-llm-endpoint.com',
    ],

],

// 3. Add the plugin to the toolbar
'toolbar' => ['chatgpt']

//...
```
